Chore: Provisioning for monitoring (#127)
Slug-Boi-ITU-Repositories/Dense-Dino-Nuggets: README.md

DOCKER_USERNAME
```

And run mintwit application with either utm virtualbox or digital_ocean provider:

`vagrant up minitwit --provider=<provider>`

And run monitoring system with either utm, libvert, or digital_ocean provider:

`vagrant up monitoring --provider=<povider>`

## Running monitoring system

> The monitoring system uses Prometheus and Grafana which is configured throught the files in `./prometheus` and `./grafana`. The system can be started with the docker compose file in the repository.

Reviewer: Spelling mistakes (sorry for being like this :( )

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The monitoring system uses Prometheus and Grafana which is configured through the files in `./prometheus` and `./grafana`. The system can be started with the docker compose file in the repository.
```

### Running the monitoring for local testing and development
Build and image of the minitwit application using the Dockerfile in the repo with the tag `minitwit-monitoring`
```bash
$ docker build -t minitwit-monitoring .
```

Run the docker compose file with the local profile
```bash
$ docker compose --profile local up -d
```

Then the minitwit application is available on `localhost:8080`, Prometheus at `localhost:9090`, and Grafana at `localhost:3000`.

### Running the monitoring for production
This setup assumes that the minitwit system is allready running and accessable. 
Edit the `./prometheus/prometheus_prod.yml` file so that the target matches the running minitwit.

> The production setup assumes that the folders `./prometheus_data` and `./grafana_data` exists localy from the current directory. Make sure to create these first and set the permissions like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The production setup assumes that the folders `./prometheus_data` and `./grafana_data` exists locally in the current directory. Make sure to create these first and set the permissions like this:
```
